JHUHUGIT tests if it can reach its C2 server by first attempting a direct connection, and if it fails, obtaining proxy settings and sending the connection through a proxy, and finally injecting code into a running browser if the proxy method fails.
creates a backdoor through which remote attackers can change C2 servers.
CHOPSTICK can switch to a new C2 channel if the current one is broken.
OilRig malware ISMAgent falls back to its DNS tunneling mechanism if it is unable to reach the C2 server over HTTP.
SslMM has a hard-coded primary and backup C2 string.
BISCUIT malware contains a secondary fallback command and control server that is contacted after the primary command and control server.
S-Type primarily uses port 80 for C2, but falls back to ports 443 or 8080 if initial communication fails.
MiniDuke uses Google Search to identify C2 servers if its primary C2 method via Twitter is not working.
WinMM is usually configured with primary and backup domains for C2 communications.
Mis-Type first attempts to use a Base64-encoded network protocol over a raw TCP socket for C2, and if that method fails, falls back to a secondary HTTP-based protocol to communicate to an alternate C2 server.
NETEAGLE will attempt to detect if the infected host is configured to a proxy. If so, NETEAGLE will send beacons via an HTTP POST request; otherwise it will send beacons via UDP/6000.
Lazarus Group malware SierraAlfa sends data to one of the hard-coded C2 servers chosen at random, and if the transmission fails, chooses a new C2 server to attempt the transmission again.
DustySky has two hard-coded domains for C2 servers; if the first does not respond, it will try the second.
--Example not given--
Derusbi uses a backup communication method with an HTTP beacon.
The C2 server used by XTunnel provides a port number to the victim to use as a fallback in case the connection closes on the currently used port.
BlackEnergy has the capability to communicate over a backup channel via plus.google.com.
