P2P ZeuS added junk data to outgoing UDP packets to peer implants.
Downdelph inserts pseudo-random characters between each original character during encoding of C2 network requests, making it difficult to write signatures on them.
POWRUNER can use base64 encoded C2 communications.
POWERSTATS encoded C2 traffic with base64.
HAMMERTOSS is controlled via commands that are appended to image files.
After encrypting C2 data, BADNEWS converts it into a hexadecimal representation and then encodes it into base64.
--Example not given--
Newer variants of BACKSPACE will encode C2 communications with a custom system.
Some Backdoor.Oldrea samples use standard Base64 + bzip2, and some use standard Base64 + reverse XOR + RSA-2048 to decrypt data received from C2 servers.
ZeroT has retrieved stage 2 payloads as Bitmap images that use Least Significant Bit (LSB) steganography.
The Ixeshe malware uses custom Base64 encoding schemes to obfuscate data command and control traffic in the message body of HTTP requests.
Daserf can use steganography to hide malicious code downloaded to the victim.
When the Duqu command and control is operating over HTTP or HTTPS, Duqu uploads data to its controller by appending it to a blank JPG file.
H1N1 obfuscates C2 traffic with an altered version of base64.
FakeM C2 traffic attempts to evade detection by resembling data generated by legitimate messenger applications, such as MSN and Yahoo! messengers.
APT28 added "junk data" to each encoded string, preventing trivial decoding without knowledge of the junk removal algorithm. Each implant was given a "junk length" value when created, tracked by the controller software to allow seamless communication but prevent analysis of the command protocol on the wire.
The Axiom group has used other forms of obfuscation, include commingling legitimate traffic with communications traffic so that network streams appear legitimate. Some malware that has been used by Axiom also uses steganography to hide communication in PNG image files.
