Most strings in USBStealer are encrypted using 3DES and XOR and reversed.
Variants of Emissary encrypt payloads using various XOR ciphers, as well as a custom algorithm that uses the "srand" and "rand" functions.
Elderwood has encrypted documents and malicious executables.
APT28 encrypted a .dll payload using RTL and a custom encryption algorithm.APT28 has also obfuscated payloads with base64 and XOR.
PowerDuke uses steganography to hide backdoors in PNG files, which are also encrypted using the Tiny Encryption Algorithm (TEA).
PUNCHTRACK is loaded and executed by a highly obfuscated launcher.
Sakula uses single-byte XOR obfuscation to obfuscate many of its files.
The Helminth config file is encrypted with RC4.
Some resources in Prikormka are encrypted with a simple XOR operation or encoded with Base64.
HTTPBrowser's code may be obfuscated through structured exception handling and return-oriented programming.
Leviathan has obfuscated code using base64 and gzip compression.
SHOTPUT is obscured using XOR encoding and appended to a valid GIF file.
Lazarus Group malware uses multiple types of encryption and encoding in its malware files, including AES, Caracachs, RC4, basic XOR with constant 0xA7, and other techniques.
hides any strings related to its own indicators of compromise.
APT34 has used base64-encoded files that are dropped to victims.
The DustySky dropper uses a function to obfuscate the name of functions and other parts of the malware.
Some data in Remsec is encrypted using RC5 in CBC mode, AES-CBC with a hardcoded key, RC4, or Salsa20. Some data is also base64-encoded.
H1N1 uses multiple techniques to obfuscate strings, including XOR.
BlackOasis's first stage shellcode contains a NOP sled with alternative instructions that was likely designed to bypass antivirus tools.
TINYTYPHON has used XOR with 0x90 to obfuscate its configuration file.
PowerSploit contains a collection of ScriptModification modules that compress and encode scripts and payloads.
Reaver encrypts some of its files with XOR.
APT3 obfuscates files or information to help evade defensive measures. 
Matroyshka obfuscates API function names using a substitute cipher combined with Base64 encoding.
Shamoon contains base64-encoded strings.
MuddyWater has used Daniel Bohannon’s Invoke-Obfuscation framework. The group also used files with base64 encoded PowerShell commands.
Hydraq uses basic obfuscation in the form of spaghetti code.
A RedLeaves configuration file is encrypted with a simple XOR key, 0x53.
Elise encrypts several of its files, including configuration files.
POSHSPY appends a file signature header (randomly selected from six file types) to encrypted data prior to upload or download.
Magic Hound malware has used base64-encoded commands and files, and has also encrypted embedded strings with AES.
FIN8 has used environment variables and standard input (stdin) to obfuscate command-line arguments.FIN8 also obfuscates malicious macros delivered as payloads.
Dust Storm has encoded payloads with a single-byte XOR, both skipping the key itself and zeroing in an attempt to avoid exposing the key.
Some strings in HOMEFRY are obfuscated with XOR x56.
OLDBAIT obfuscates internal strings and unpacks them at startup.
The payload of CozyCar is encrypted with simple XOR with a rotating key. The CozyCar configuration file has been encrypted with RC4 keys.
Daserf uses encrypted Windows APIs and also encrypts data using the alternative base64+RC4 or the Caesar cipher.
FIN7 has used fragmented strings, environment variables, standard input (stdin), and native character-replacement functionalities to obfuscate commmands.
--Example not given--
ISMInjector is obfuscated with the off-the-shelf SmartAssembly .NET obfuscator created by red-gate.com.
Many strings in JHUHUGIT are obfuscated with a XOR algorithm.
Most of the strings in ADVSTORESHELL are encrypted with an XOR-based algorithm; some strings are also encrypted with 3DES and reversed. API function names are also reversed, presumably to avoid detection in memory.
POWERSTATS uses character replacement, PowerShell environment variables, and XOR encoding to obfuscate code.
Invoke-PSImage can be used to embed a PowerShell script within the pixels of a PNG file.
Group5 disguised its malicious binaries with several layers of obfuscation, including encrypting the files.
Droppers used by Putter Panda use RC4 or a 16-byte XOR key consisting of the bytes 0xA0 – 0xAF to obfuscate payloads.
Pisloader obfuscates files by splitting strings into smaller sub-strings and including "garbage" strings that are never used. The malware also uses return-oriented programming (ROP) technique and single-byte XOR to obfuscate data.
OilRig has encrypted and encoded data in its malware.
Hi-Zor uses various XOR techniques to obfuscate its components.
A JPIN uses a encrypted and compressed payload that is disguised as a bitmap within the resource section of the installer.
RTM strings, network data, configuration, and modules are encrypted with a modified RC4 algorithm.
APT32 has used the Invoke-Obfuscation framework to obfuscate their PowerShell.
Gazer logs its actions into files that are encrypted with 3DES. It also uses RSA to encrypt resources.
CORESHELL obfuscates strings using a custom stream cipher.
A version of XTunnel introduced in July 2015 obfuscated the binary using opaque predicates and other techniques in a likely attempt to obfuscate it and bypass security products.
StreamEx obfuscates some commands by using statically programmed fragments of strings when starting a DLL. It also uses a one-byte xor against 0x91 to encode configuration data.
Some Orz strings are base64 encoded, such as the embedded DLL known as MockDll.
ZeroT has encrypted its payload with RC4.
