Modules can be pushed to and executed by Duqu that copy data to a staging area, compress it, and XOR encrypt it.
TRINITY malware used by FIN6 encodes data gathered from the victim with a simple substitution cipher and single-byte XOR using the OxAA key.
Data SPACESHIP copies to the staging area is compressed with zlib. Bytes are rotated by four positions and XOR'ed with 0x23.
CopyKittens encrypts data with a substitute cipher prior to exfiltration.
ADVSTORESHELL encrypts with the 3DES algorithm and a hardcoded key prior to exfiltration.
RawPOS encodes credit card data it collected from the victim with XOR.
Lazarus Group malware IndiaIndia saves information gathered about the victim to a file that is compressed with Zlib, encrypted, and uploaded to a C2 server.Lazarus Group malware RomeoDelta archives specified directories in .zip format, encrypts the .zip file, and uploads it to its C2 server.Lazarus Group malware sample encrypts data using a simple byte based XOR operation prior to exfiltration.
After collecting files and logs from the victim, Prikormka encrypts some collected data with Blowfish.
has created password-protected RAR, WinImage, and zip archives to be exfiltrated.
Reaver encrypts collected data with an incremental XOR key prior to exfiltration.
Backdoor.Oldrea writes collected data to a temporary file in an encrypted form before exfiltration to a C2 server.
OwaAuth DES-encrypts captured credentials using the key 12345678 before writing the credentials to a log file.
T9000 encrypts collected data using a single byte XOR key.
--Example not given--
Ke3chang is known to use RAR with passwords to encrypt data prior to exfiltration.
Threat Group-3390 has used RAR to compress, encrypt, and password-protect files prior to exfiltration.
BRONZE BUTLER has compressed and encrypted data into password-protected RAR archives prior to exfiltration.
Agent.btz saves system information into an XML file that is then XOR-encoded.
FLASHFLOOD employs the same encoding scheme as SPACESHIP for data it stages. Data is compressed with zlib, and bytes are rotated four times before being XOR'ed with 0x23.
