Magic Hound malware is capable of keylogging.
Derusbi is capable of logging keystrokes.
Duqu can track key presses with a keylogger module.
ADVSTORESHELL can perform keylogging.
MoonWind has a keylogger.
EvilGrab has the capability to capture keystrokes.
XAgentOSX contains keylogging functionality that will monitor for active application windows and write them to the log, it can handle special characters, and it will buffer by default 50 characters before sending them out over the C2 infrastructure.
Prikormka contains a keylogger module that collects keystrokes and the titles of foreground windows.
PowerSploit's <code>Get-Keystrokes</code> Exfiltration module can log keystrokes.
APT34 has used a keylogging tool called KEYPUNCH.
Matroyshka is capable of keylogging.
RTM can record keystrokes from both the keyboard and virtual keyboard.
NetTraveler contains a keylogger.
APT28 can deploy a tool to perform keylogging.
Remsec contains a keylogger component.
OwaAuth captures and DES-encrypts credentials before writing the username and password to a log file, <code>C:\log.txt</code>.
Darkhotel uses a sophisticated keylogger.
Regin contains a keylogger.
When it first starts, BADNEWS spawns a new thread to log keystrokes.
PoisonIvy contains a keylogger.
--Example not given--
captures keystrokes.
is capable of logging keystrokes.
DustySky contains a keylogger.
The executable version of Helminth has a module to log keystrokes.
Threat Group-3390 actors installed a credential logger on Microsoft Exchange servers.
CosmicDuke uses a keylogger and steals clipboard contents from victims.
JPIN contains a custom keylogger.
Sykipot contains keylogging functionality to steal passwords.
Lazarus Group malware KiloAlfa contains keylogging functionality.
Pupy uses a keylogger to capture keystrokes it then sends back to the server after it is stopped.
Carbanak contains keylogger functionality.
Malware used by Group5 is capable of capturing keystrokes.
PLATINUM has used several different keyloggers.
SslMM creates a new thread implementing a keylogging facility using Windows Keyboard Accelerators.
CHOPSTICK is capable of performing keylogging.
HTTPBrowser is capable of capturing keystrokes on victims.
Sowbug has used keylogging tools.
BlackEnergy has run a keylogger plug-in on a victim.
Cobalt Strike can track key presses with a keylogger module.
The gh0st RAT has a keylogger.
FakeM contains a keylogger module.
can perform keylogging.
Daserf can log keystrokes.
TinyZBot contains keylogger functionality.
Kasidet has the ability to initiate keylogging.
Unknown Logger is capable of recording keystrokes.
APT3 has used a keylogging tool that records keystrokes in encrypted files.
Rover has keylogging functionality.
