SeaDuke is capable of executing commands.
Daserf can execute shell commands.
A module in CozyCar allows arbitrary commands to be executed by invoking <code>C:\Windows\System32\cmd.exe</code>.
Orz can execute shell commands.
creates a backdoor through which remote attackers can open a command-line interface.
Pisloader uses cmd.exe to set the Registry Run key value. It also has a command to spawn a command shell.
Several tools used by Suckfly have been command-line driven.
Pteranodon can execute commands on the victim.
Magic Hound has used the command-line interface.
China Chopper is capable of opening a command terminal.
RTM uses the command line and rundll32.exe to execute.
JPIN can use the command-line utility cacls.exe to change file permissions.
Threat Group-3390 has used command-line interfaces for execution.
Threat Group-1314 actors spawned shells on remote systems on a victim network to execute commands.
Emissary has the capability to create a remote shell and execute specified commands.
OilRig has used a command-line interface for execution.
Umbreon provides access using both standard facilities like SSH and additional access using its backdoor Espeon, providing a reverse shell upon receipt of a special packet 
CHOPSTICK is capable of performing remote command execution.
Kasidet can execute commands using cmd.exe.
XTunnel has been used to execute remote commands.
Derusbi is capable of creating a remote Bash shell and executing commands.
HTTPBrowser is capable of spawning a reverse shell on a victim.
BRONZE BUTLER uses the command-line interface.
hcdLoader provides command-line access to the compromised system.
Matroyshka is capable of providing Meterpreter shell access.
Adversaries can direct BACKSPACE to execute from the command-line on infected hosts, or have BACKSPACE create a reverse shell.
Mis-Type uses cmd.exe to run commands for enumerating the host.
BLACKCOFFEE has the capability to create a reverse shell.
An APT3 downloader uses the Windows command <code>"cmd.exe" /C whoami</code>. The group also uses a tool to execute commands on remote computers.
4H RAT has the capability to create a remote shell.
Chaos Chaos provides a reverse shell connection on 8338/TCP, encrypted via AES.  
H1N1 kills and disables services by using cmd.exe.
MURKYTOP uses the command-line interface.
creates a backdoor through which remote attackers can open a command line interface.
gh0st RAT is able to open a command shell.
Dipsind can spawn remote shells.
ADVSTORESHELL can create a remote shell and run a given command.
SEASHARPEE can execute commands on victims.
TURNEDUP is capable of creating a reverse shell.
creates a backdoor through which remote attackers can start a remote shell.
PlugX allows actors to spawn a reverse shell on a victim.
APT34 has used the command-line interface for execution.
can create a reverse shell that utilizes statically-linked Wine cmd.exe code to emulate Windows command prompt commands.
NETEAGLE allows adversaries to execute shell commands on the infected host.
RedLeaves can receive and execute commands with cmd.exe. It can also provide a reverse shell.
ZLib has the ability to execute shell commands.
Volgmer can execute commands.
Sowbug has used command line during its intrusions.
BADNEWS is capable of executing commands via cmd.exe.
Sakula calls cmd.exe to run various DLL files via rundll32 and also to perform file cleanup. Sakula also has the capability to invoke a reverse shell.
Malware used by Ke3chang can run commands on the command-line interface.
Cobalt Strike uses a command-line interface to interact with systems.
POWRUNER can execute commands from its C2 server.
Hi-Zor has the ability to create a reverse shell.
FIN8 executes commands remotely via cmd.exe.
Helminth can provide a remote shell.
httpclient opens cmd.exe on the victim.
--Example not given--
Leviathan uses a backdoor known as BADFLICK that is is capable of generating a reverse shell.
Misdat is capable of providing shell functionality to the attacker to execute commands.
MoonWind can execute commands via an interactive command shell.
TEXTMATE executes cmd.exe to provide  a reverse shell to adversaries.
CallMe has the capability to create a reverse shell on victims.
Patchwork ran a reverse shell with Meterpreter.
APT37 has used the command-line interface.
TDTESS provides a reverse shell on the victim.
can run a copy of cmd.exe.
APT1 has used the Windows command shell to execute commands.
Lazarus Group malware uses cmd.exe to execute commands on victims.
menuPass executes commands using a command-line interface and reverse shell. The group has used a modified version of pentesting script wmiexec.vbs to execute commands.
SNUGRIDE is capable of executing commands and spawning a reverse shell.
PowerDuke runs <code>cmd.exe /c</code> and sends the output to its C2.
PHOREAL is capable of creating reverse shell.
DownPaper uses the command line.
KOMPROGO is capable of creating a reverse shell.
Mivast has the capability to open a remote shell and run basic commands.
StreamEx has the ability to remotely execute commands.
cmd is used to execute programs and other actions at the command-line interface.
Following exploitation with LOWBALL malware, admin@338 actors created a file containing a list of commands to be executed on the compromised computer.
HOMEFRY uses a command-line interface.
TinyZBot supports execution from the command-line.
Felismus uses command line for execution.
