The Dyre crimeware toolkit has refined its detection of sandbox analysis environments by inspecting the process list and Registry.
Crimson contains a command to collect information about anti-virus software on the victim.
FIN8 has used Registry keys to detect and avoid executing in potential sandboxes.
Naikon uses commands such as <code>netsh advfirewall firewall</code> to discover local firewall settings.
The main CozyCar dropper checks whether the victim has an anti-virus product installed. If the installed product is on a predetermined list, the dropper will exit. Newer versions of CozyCar will check to ensure it is not being executed inside a virtual machine or a known malware analysis sandbox environment. If it detects that it is, it will exit. 
POWERSTATS has detected security tools.
Flame identifies security software such as antivirus through the Security module.
POWRUNER may collect information the victim's anti-virus software.
Patchwork scanned the “Program Files” directories for a directory with the string “Total Security” (the installation path of the “360 Total Security” antivirus tool).
T9000 performs checks for various antivirus and security products during installation.
CHOPSTICK checks for anti-virus, forensics, and virtualization software.
Tasklist can be used to enumerate security software currently running on a system by process name of known products.
Felismus checks for processes associated with anti-virus vendors.
Kasidet has the ability to identify any anti-virus installed on the infected system.
A module in Prikormka collects information from the victim about installed anti-virus software.
JPIN checks for the presence of certain security-related processes and deletes its installer/uninstaller component if it identifies any of them.
DustySky checks for the existence of anti-virus.
Wingbird checks for the presence of Bitdefender security software.
--Example not given--
RTM can obtain information about security software on the victim.
StreamEx has the ability to scan for security tools such as firewalls and antivirus tools.
Remsec has a plugin to detect active drivers of some security products.
netsh can be used to discover system firewall settings.
