FIN8 has utilized Valid Accounts during  and .
APT18 actors leverage legitimate credentials to log into external remote services.
Cobalt Strike can use known credentials to run commands and spawn processes as another user.
Some SeaDuke samples have a module to extract email from Microsoft Exchange servers using compromised credentials.
--Example not given--
menuPass has used valid accounts shared between Managed Service Providers and clients to move between the two environments.
Adversaries can instruct Duqu to spread laterally by copying itself to shares it has enumerated and for which it has obtained legitimate credentials (via keylogging or other means). The remote host is then infected by using the compromised credentials to schedule a task on remote machines that executes the malware.
Carbanak actors used legitimate credentials of banking employees to perform operations that sent them millions of dollars.
If Shamoon cannot access shares using current privileges, it attempts access using hard coded, domain-specific credentials gathered earlier in the intrusion.
APT32 has used legitimate local admin account credentials.
APT28 has used legitimate credentials to maintain access to a victim network and exfiltrate data.
APT34 has used valid administrator credentials to assist in lateral movement.
Threat Group-3390 has used OWA account credentials to attempt to regain access to a victim network after eviction.
Suckfly used legitimate account credentials that they dumped to navigate the internal victim network as though they were the legitimate account owner.
APT3 leverages valid accounts after gaining credentials for use within the victim domain.
PittyTiger attempts to obtain legitimate credentials during operations.
OilRig has used compromised credentials to access other systems on a victim network.
Threat Group-1314 actors used compromised credentials for the victim's endpoint management platform, Altiris, to move laterally.
Leviathan has used valid, compromised email accounts for defense evasion, including to send malicious emails to other victim organizations.
FIN10 has used stolen credentials to connect remotely to victim networks using VPNs protected with only a single factor. The group has also moved laterally using the Local Administrator account.
APT33 has used valid accounts for privilege escalation.
To move laterally on a victim network, FIN6 has used credentials stolen from various systems on which it gathered usernames and password hashes.
FIN5 has used legitimate VPN, RDP, Citrix, or VNC credentials to maintain access to a victim environment.
Umbreon Umbreon creates valid users to provide access to the system.  
