BADNEWS can use multiple C2 channels, including RSS feeds, Github, forums, and blogs.BADNEWS also collects C2 information via a dead drop resolver.
Orz has used Technet and Pastebin web pages for command and control.
Leviathan has received C2 instructions from user profiles created on legitimate websites such as Github and TechNet.
Some MiniDuke components use Twitter to initially obtain the address of a C2 server or as a backup if no hard-coded C2 server responds.
The CALENDAR malware communicates through the use of events in Google Calendar.
CozyCar uses Twitter as a backup C2 channel to Twitter accounts specified in its configuration file.
SLOWDRIFT uses cloud based services for C2.
APT37 malware has used AOL Instant Messenger as well as pCloud and Dropbox APIs for C2.
PlugX uses Pastebin to store its real C2 addresses.
One variant of CloudDuke uses a Microsoft OneDrive account to exchange commands and stolen data with its operators.
OnionDuke uses Twitter as a backup C2 method. It also has a module designed to post messages to the Russian VKontakte social media site.
Magic Hound malware can use a SOAP Web service to communicate with its C2 server.
BLACKCOFFEE uses Microsoft’s TechNet Web portal to obtain a dead drop resolver containing an encoded tag with the IP address of a command and control server. It has also obfuscated its C2 traffic as normal traffic to sites such as Github.
LOWBALL uses the Dropbox cloud storage service for command and control.
--Example not given--
RTM has used an RSS feed on Livejournal to update a list of encrypted C2 server names.
Carbanak has used a VBScript named "ggldr" that uses Google Apps Script, Sheets, and Forms services for C2.
BRONZE BUTLER's MSGET downloader uses a dead drop resolver to access malicious payloads.
Patchwork hides base64-encoded and encrypted C2 server locations in comments on legitimate websites.
GLOOXMAIL communicates to servers operated by Google using the Jabber/XMPP protocol.
can use public cloud-based storage providers for command and control.
is capable of leveraging cloud storage APIs such as Cloud, Box, Dropbox, and Yandex for C2.
The "tDiscoverer" variant of HAMMERTOSS establishes a C2 channel by downloading resources from Web services like Twitter and GitHub. HAMMERTOSS binaries contain an algorithm that generates a different Twitter handle for the malware to check for instructions every day.
POORAIM has used AOL Instant Messenger for C2.
