TDTESS creates then deletes log files during installation of itself as a service.
FIN10 has used batch scripts and scheduled tasks to delete critical system files.
The BRONZE BUTLER uploader or malware the uploader uses <code>command</code> to delete the RAR archives after they have been exfiltrated.
Recent versions of Cherry Picker delete files and registry keys created by the malware.
FIN5 uses  to clean up the environment and attempt to prevent detection.
Backdoor.Oldrea contains a cleanup module that removes traces of itself from the victim.
MURKYTOP has the capability to delete local files.
Remsec is capable of deleting files on the victim. It also securely removes itself after collecting and exfiltrating data.
H1N1 deletes shadow copies from the victim.
Wingbird deletes its payload along with the payload's parent process after it finishes copying files.
JPIN's installer/uninstaller component deletes itself if it encounters a version of Windows earlier than Windows XP or identifies security-related processes running.
deletes data in a way that makes it unrecoverable.
The Komplex trojan supports file deletion.
FALLCHILL can delete malware and associated artifacts from the victim.
Reaver deletes the original dropped file from the victim.
OilRig's TwoFace Web shell uses <code>del</code> to delete a text file of passwords after reading it.
ADVSTORESHELL can delete files and directories.
APT28 has deleted files from the system via the NSFileManager:removeFileAtPath method .
APT18 actors deleted tools and batch files from victim systems.
creates a backdoor through which remote attackers can delete files.
Hi-Zor deletes its RAT installer file as it executes its DLL payload file.
RedLeaves can delete specified files.
SeaDuke can securely delete files, including deleting itself from the victim.
Misdat is capable of deleting the backdoor file.
MoonWind can delete itself or specified files.
PowerDuke has a command to write random data across a file and delete it.
pngdowner deletes content from C2 communications that was saved to the user's temporary directory.
Magic Hound malware can delete files.
Gazer has commands to delete files and persistence mechanisms from the victim.
Shamoon attempts to overwrite operating system files with image files.
--Example not given--
FIN8 has deleted tmp and prefetch files during post compromise cleanup activities.
BBSRAT can delete files and directories.
Lazarus Group malware contains "suicide scripts" to delete malware binaries from the victim. It also uses secure file deletion to delete files from the victim.
APT3 has a tool that can delete files.
Hydraq creates a backdoor through which remote attackers can delete files.
BLACKCOFFEE has the capability to delete files.
Derusbi is capable of deleting files. It has been observed loading a Linux Kernel Module (LKM) and then deleting it from the hard disk as well as overwriting the data with null bytes.
Malware used by Group5 is capable of remotely deleting files from victims.
gh0st RAT is able to delete files.
Dragonfly deleted a file immediately after executing it on a victim host.
HTTPBrowser deletes its original installer file once installation is complete.
WINDSHIELD is capable of file deletion along with other file system interaction.
POWERSTATS can wipe drives using PowerShell Remove-Item commands.
Pasam creates a backdoor through which remote attackers can delete files.
Pteranodon can delete files that may interfere with it executing. It also can delete temporary files and itself after the initial script executes.
PUNCHBUGGY can delete files written to disk.
APT32 has cleared select event log entries.
HALFBAKED can delete a specified file.
BlackEnergy 2 contains a "Destroy" plug-in that destroys data stored on victim hard drives by overwriting file contents.
APT34 has deleted initial drop files from the staging directory.
cmd can be used to delete files from the file system.
Some Sakula samples use cmd.exe to delete temporary files.
USBStealer has several commands to delete files associated with the malware from the victim.
Threat Group-3390 has deleted existing logs and exfiltrated file archives from a victim.
The JHUHUGIT dropper can delete itself from the victim.JHUHUGIT variant has the capability to delete specified files.
XAgentOSX contains the deletFileFromPath function to delete a specified file using the NSFileManager:removeFileAtPath method.
APT37 has access to destructive malware known as RUHAPPY that is capable of overwriting a machine's Master Boot Record (MBR).
RTM can delete all files created during its execution.
